the last time you will find ajax from the singer was that at his
farewell in August 2011 so far it's one of the best goalkeepers in the Netherlands
of all times as marketing director back at the club
it was his professional career started
in March 93, that boy conquered edwin van der sar
definitive place under the lat top stanley menzo
after five minutes it took a while for ajax to turn the singer into fans, he closed
However, ever better goalkeeper had an important share in the championship
of 94
are the first real prize with ajax
Also in the successful year 95, the burglar of the business was of great importance
we stop it
for the young keeper according to world fame when end line 95 with the golden ajax
from now on gaal in the champions league final as more than successful
the first team
on the podium in one part of the city luckily with francs de
farmer twente with marc overmars
people who affects an animal in the leadership of ajax
the role of van der sar in the world cup winner in 59 90 is great
now it's the other way around
the first part
well done
this is more on the inside
even when the successes of ajax decrease in the late nineties
van der sar continues to develop into a world-class keeper
one of its greatest quality that is undoubtedly the so-called
soccer balls
2098, van der sars teammates and the state
make the only goal in his career when ajax leads 7 0
against the county
in the summer of 19 39 the career of van der sar comes to an end
at ajax in 8 years at the Amsterdam club where always cool I believe number
of forty main prizes, including four national titles, once the european super
cup the champions league once and the world cup once
van der sars first club after ajax is juventus but only by feeling to
manchester you never can he get his high level of ajax the names
of the English record champion, the case is very successful
in 2008 he did for the second time in his career
champions league
the only smet on the honors list case of the sar is the lack of one
first prize with the dutch team in nineteen 98 2000 and 2004 beach the
goalkeeper in the semi-final of a tournament
after the champions league final of 2011 is his last game as a professional
been
Piet van der Sar in the 2011 prognoses in the arena saying goodbye to his fans this
opportunity brings many of his friends and famous old teammates
to get to the stadium immediately after the big market
and all those years
it seemed by no means sufficient because appears next week
best goalkeeper for you
in the Amsterdam arena